In data-driven iterative design,
product managers evaluate data to find areas for improvement, design potential solutions,
create prototypes to get feedback from and launch tests with and then return to
data evaluation to look for more areas to improve and grow user satisfaction.
Once a product is launched,
product managers get access to a wealth of data,
so much data in fact,
that it can be overwhelming.
Which state is the most important?
Which sources should you focus on?
How can the data be leveraged to improve your product?
Product managers have a limited amount of time,
and those who embrace a data-driven cycle of iterative design can find the answers to
these questions while ensuring their time is spent on
those parts of the product most likely to determine a product success.